many named for Life homes pulverized a
family forced to endure in the NASA
neighborhood of Gaza City just trying to
make a living is
risky while on my way to work I got
injured together with my brother we were
attacked and targeted and we narrowly
escaped
death my brother was injured in his leg
and I helped him and bandaged his wound
and gave him some first
aid I had shrapnel in my neck the
shrapnel broke the bone and became stuck
in my neck there's more shrapnel in my
back my brother also had shrapnel in his
pelvic area I came to see my house and I
found it burnt and leveled we lost the
house and all our belongings except this
it is for my
daughter her brother survived but her
husband is
gone I lost my husband on the 5th of
December our life is very difficult I
feel completely devastated when my
children tell me that they want their
father what else can we expect we've
lost everything I lost my husband and I
lost my
home this family home destroyed again
but across the generations there is a
determination to rebuild once the war is
over the Israelis levered our house in
2008 and again in 2014 but we managed to
rebuild it twice this year we'll be the
same and we will rebuild our house for
the third time we worked hard and saved
for 43 years to be able to have this
house are we a superpower America and
Israel are fighting us what is this for
what is
this the at Family refused to move South
earlier in the war they insist they will
return home one day camil nelc Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
zero